# pyCMO v1.4.0

Release Date: December 11th, 2023

Cut Date: December 11th, 2023

## Changes
* PyCMO now has a [Gymnasium](https://gymnasium.farama.org/) implementation in `pycmo.env.cmo_gym_env`. To use this environment (see `scripts/floridistan/gym_demo.py`), install `gymnasium` and set `use_gymnasium=True` in `pycmo/configs/config.py`.
* floridistan scenario is optimized. The target is closer to the strike platforms. The game ends when BLUE loses a unit or when BLUE destroys the target. Each timestep incurs a reward of -1. Destroying the target earns the agent a reward of 300. There is a four hour time limit.

### Internal
* `CMOEnv::reset` now automatically calls `CMOEnv::client::close_scenario_end_and_player_eval_messages` when `close_scenario_end_and_player_eval_messages=True` is passed in.
* Changed `collections.namedtuple` in `pycmo.lib.features` to `typing.NamedTuple` for improved typing.
* Standardized data types coming from CMO and into `pycmo.lib.features`
* `FeaturesFromSteam` no longer has `avai_weapons` (it was never used)
* Added boolean parameter to `rtb` function in `pycmo.lib.actions` because apparently, we should allow users to set `rtb=False` to cancel a unit in the process of returning to base
* Created custom spaces out of `gymnasium.spaces`. These should be used with `pycmo.cmo_gym_env.FloridistanPycmoGymEnv` and whatever inherits from `pycmo.cmo_gym_env.BasePycmoGymEnv` to define CMO-specific observation and action spaces.
* Updated CMO version number to 1328.12 to comply with new game update.
* Made `gymnasium` an optional dependency to not clash with old code.

## Visible Changes
* [Chore][https://github.com/duyminh1998/pycmo/issues/49] Clean up floridistan scenario
* [Feature][https://github.com/duyminh1998/pycmo/issues/21] Turn pyCMO into an OpenAI Gym environment

## Bug Fixes
N/A

## Enhancements Not Visible to User
* [Chore][https://github.com/duyminh1998/pycmo/issues/56] Add typing to features and make data types consistent

## Misc/Requests

## Operational Notes
